**Name**: Ethan Anderson

**Date**: 02/01/2025

**Cohort**: Francom

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

This week has marked the beginning of my interdisciplinary dive into the
concept of the Good Life. Specifically, I feel like this week served as
a good example of the structure of the class/dive to come: independent
work designed to probe and expand our understanding of the topics at
hand, then a hybrid lecture/discussion to share our perspectives. Coming
out of our first taste of "curriculum", I've realized that while either
of these components doesn't fully engage me in isolation, they work well
in tandem (discussing the back translation results in class, for
example) and have caused me to think more critically about my own
pursuit of happiness.

The concepts of tolerance and indifference discussed in the Netherlands
reading fascinated me most; while I struggle with Weiner's insistence on
reducing an entire country + culture to a languid vibe captured by less
than a month of tourism, it has caused me to reflect on where my
personal levels of tolerance and indifference lie, as well as the levels
of various other social contexts. I'm intrigued to see whether Weiner
attempts to take on the flip side of the coin and examine happiness in
situations of extreme restriction.

Finally, the presentation on linguistics in Friday's class was both
refreshing and insightful. I'll admit that I have next to no knowledge
of the subject area outside of my foreign language studies, but this
lens of study greatly interested me even if it felt entirely compact at
times. While I'm aware that our professors may not have expertise in all
fields related to the "happiness" concept, I would love to see continued
variation in the subject areas of discussion in class, especially as an
undecided major looking to sample whatever's out there. Or more
linguistics. Either works for me.

...
