**Name**: Nina Angella

**Date**: 2/2/25

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

At this point in the course, I think that I have begun to formulate
questions about happiness and understand the nuances that come with
measuring it, but have not yet been able to answer them. The readings
have also got me thinking about how we can better measure happiness, as
there are many untranslatable words across languages. The measuring of
happiness has often been done to Western standards, ignoring other
cultures\' expression of joy. It is difficult to measure happiness
without it getting lost in translation, as having a representative from
a certain culture report back about the happiness they measured, the
measurements would have to be translated in order to be comprehensible
to American scientists and audiences. The chapter also touches on the
theme of laws. Since most drugs are legalized in the Netherlands, there
is less of a rush that comes with the use of them. It makes me think of
if Americans would rather drugs be legalized, to gain better access to
them, or would it take away a majority of what young people gain from
these activities, which is the feeling of rebellion. Overall, I have
just started to graze the surface of what the "Good life" means and what
the most desirable style of life would be.
