**Name**: Rhodes Baker

**Date**:

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

...

During the week, there were a couple of things that I can look back and
reflect on that helps my understanding and development of a good life.
To me, a good life shows happiness and contentment with life. The main
that helped me understand new perspectives on the good life was the
Netherlands chapter in the Geography of Bliss. Weiner talks about how
the Dutch have a very good work-life balance which I think would give
myself a better sense of happiness. I say this because they have time to
prioritize family and relaxation which gives a sense of the good life.
Another source of happiness in the Netherlands is the nature and the
outdoors that the citizens and visitors get to experience. The Dutch
have an active lifestyle outdoors such as cycling, hiking, and going for
a run. Lasilty, Weiner noticed the Dutch have a great sense of humor
which I think leads to overall happiness. The second thing throughout
the week that helped my understanding is the Back Translation Exercise:
Exploring Happiness Across Languages. I say this because getting to see
how different countries translate words shows that there is a cultural
shift yet the meanings are all similar for the most part. This shows a
new perspective for how other countries and people experience words that
can lead to happiness.
