**Name**: Emma Freyermuth

**Date**: February 2, 2025

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

In order to develop an understanding of the "good life" I think it is
important to take note of how things can and will play a part in that.
Starting off the week discussing the idea of AND and OR even when
looking things up was a good starting point. It shows how there is so
much out there and one word can even change the outcome of all your
results. We used many synonyms of happiness this week and one time in
which we used the to make combinations using AND and OR to see and
compare the results we got. This will help us to better understand how
we can look things up and how we can try different combinations to get
many different results when hoping to dive deeper into the idea and
aspects of the "good life". This first chapter was a good opening too
into exploring different cultures and their lifestyles. The Netherlands
was very interesting because culturally, religiously, economically and
other aspects of their lifestyle are very different than we have here in
America. It was very interesting to see their perspective and idea of
happiness or the "good life" compared to what we may consider being
happy or satisfied with our life. I think it is very interesting and eye
opening to look into another country and see life through someone
else\'s eyes because it can be so unique and different from our own. The
word happiness is relevant in our whole world but has many different
meanings and interpretations that go into it. The things that make you
happy or consider you to be living the "good life" are also pretty
different by where you are. This is very interesting and important when
continuing to study other places the rest of the year because it does
show how much language and the actual word matters. It was also a good
opener to dive into the idea of linguistics and basic sentence
structure. How we see, interpret, and share everything with our words
and sentences which sometimes can have many different meanings. This
leaves room for interpretation from the listener and can alter what
message is actually being sent across. It is important in order to fully
comprehend what is being communicated that there is context and
definitions behind the terms and even the order of the words in which
they make a sentence. You can use the same words to pull together many
different sentences but placement of words and order matter. To exercise
this, we each created mind maps and compared. These maps were very eye
opening how we could have each done different original words but in the
end we had some overlap meaning that words could be interpreted
differently by different people. This makes defining and understanding
the concept of happiness very difficult because there is no set
definition or understanding of what it truly is. There are also many
synonyms that people could even think mean the same thing but others may
not interpret them that way. When looking into the "good life" there are
so many crucial aspects like language and understanding that we may
never have a definition for. So how can we even compare or measure the
"good life" and happiness when there is no way of measurement or set in
stone definition?
