**Name**: Bridget Grennon

**Date**: February 2, 2025

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

...

This week\'s readings gave me new ways to think about happiness and
well-being. In Mapping Well-Being, Tim Lomas talks about how different
cultures have unique words for emotions and happiness that don\'t always
translate into English. Through our activity for class, I saw that glee
turned to joy after being translated to Indonesian and back. He argues
that language shapes how we understand well-being, so happiness isn\'t
the same everywhere but that it depends on culture.

On the other hand, The Netherlands: Happiness is a Number focuses on how
happiness is measured using surveys and statistics. The Dutch are often
ranked as some of the happiest people, partly because of their strong
social systems and work-life balance. But this way of measuring
happiness feels different from Lomas' idea, which suggests that
well-being is more personal and cultural, instead of something that you
can measure with numbers.

I found Lomas' ideas really interesting because they made me think about
how language affects my own understanding of happiness. It made me think
and ask myself if there are feelings I've had but never had the right
words for. This made me realize that happiness isn't just about outside
factors like money or work, but that it is also about how we define and
experience it in our own way. While surveys are useful, I think real
well-being is about personal experiences and cultural perspectives. It
made me bring up this topic to a dinner with my friends parents, talking
about how we all have heard different things about what happiness is.
The mom commented on it saying she saw a graph that said money is a
factor in happiness but at a very low margin, enough to keep people
comfortable but any amount after that does not factor in. The topic is
interesting and the conversation engages so many different perspectives
and things to consider.
