**Name**: Mary Alice Hussey

**Date**: 02/02/2025

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

I thought that this week's different materials and discussions were
super interesting. Especially the idea in linguistics and how words in
our English vocabulary don't exactly translate to other languages. And
the difference in translating different synonyms of happiness to
different languages. I thought particularly of one of the words I used
for the Translation exercise, which was "fulfillment". I translated it
to french and when I translated it back it was "accomplishment" and I
thought that could be reflective of them of their society and maybe how
they view fulfillment in life as something you have to accomplish where
has in American we might think of it in a more emotional way and think
that you have to find within yourself rather than something material. I
think I will take that lesson with me throughout this course. The idea
that happiness can be defined by different things in different cultures
and how happiness is defined is different to each person. That is one
thing that I firmly believe about "the good life" is that it can be
different according to each person, and that two people who are both
living "the good life" can have completely different lives and values. I
think that is one thing we definitely need to keep in mind during this
course. That the "good life" is almost self defined and cannot be gained
by living in a certain area or having a certain number of things.

...
