**Name**: Charlie Palmer

**Date**: 2-2-2025

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

Over the three weeks being in this course, my definition of the Good
Life has changed. Initially, I didn't quite understand the concept of
"the good life," or what it really meant. However, by interacting with
the pieces that we have thus far, my knowledge and understanding of the
topic has changed. To start, not that I didn't think it was true, but, I
never thought of striving for happiness to even be a goal of people
thousands of years ago. I always just assumed that life was miserable
and people were only trying to survive, not worrying about happiness.
However, after reading the introduction of *Geography of Bliss*, I found
my original ideology to be naive and incorrect. Also, by reading the
Netherlands chapter in the book, I have started to develop my
understanding of a Good Life and some possible examples of it. For the
Netherlands specifically, I have learned the idea that individuals
living in a tolerant society are often more happy. The Netherlands is a
very tolerant country, with lots of freedom for several activities, like
the use of cannabis, which is a significant reason for the Netherlands
to be ranked top 10 in happiness. Additionally, I have learned that
although money doesn\'t necessarily buy happiness, it does play a
crucial role. For example, in the Netherlands they are top 10 in average
income, however, once an individual gets to a certain point of money,
more money won't help with increasing happiness. At a certain point,
happiness plateau in terms of making more money---so money isn't
everything. With that being said, those who may be hurting financially,
like those in poverty, will face lower levels of happiness due to the
fact they don't have a lot of money.
