**Name**: Federico Smith

**Date**: 02/02/25

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

**This week we read the chapter on the Netherlands in our class book and
I thought that it was really interesting how Wiener mentioned the
impressive tolerance that the Dutch people have for other's activities,
ideas, practices, etc. If someone told me "you can go somewhere and no
matter what you do people will be okay with it" I would probably come to
the conclusion that life must be pretty good there since you can pretty
much do whatever you want. However, Wiener brought up a good point when
referring to his own willpower and in a joking way said that within a
month he would lose himself to vices in the Netherlands and although
this might have been a joking statement it rang true with me because I
do think that with a certain degree of freedom it would become
incredibly easy to fall into things that one would not normally do.**

**As the chapter came to a close, Weiner mentioned that maybe tolerance
is not all it is made out to be. That eventually there can come a point
where tolerance can turn into indifference and how that is not really
happiness. However, if this is the case, what is happiness? Is it
absolute freedom, lack thereof, or a mix? Based on what we learned this
week I think that it is a mix between all those things and many other
factors. After Friday's lecture on how language can shape one's
perspective on their surrounding world, I would like to think that even
the language you speak has an influence on what makes you happy or what
you define happiness to be for you. I am sure that there are many other
pieces that factor into a personal definition of happiness and I look
forward to keep learning about what those might possibly be.**
