**Name**: Sienna White

**Date**: February 2, 2025

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

This week, I read Chapter 1 of our book, which focused on the
Netherlands and how the culture there plays a role in how happy an
average person is. One concept that I found particularly interesting was
the café culture in Europe. Europeans will spend hours inside cafés,
chatting with friends and family, removing themselves from the rush of
daily responsibilities. As someone who grew up in New York, I have never
known a life where I have hours of my day to set aside and enjoy this
so-called café culture. Whether it was schoolwork or swim practices I
was always on the go while growing up in New York.

One idea that researchers like Ruut Veenhoven have discovered is the
paradox of some of the \"happiest\" countries in the world having high
suicide rates. This particular paradox left me intrigued. Why is this
so? After taking some time to think about this statistic, I believe that
this concept is similar to the effects that social media has on people's
mental health. People living in these \"happy\" countries feel the need
to constantly be happy and that everyone else is content with their
lives. People who are struggling with their mental health in these
countries think they are alone because "everyone" must be satisfied.
Looking at social media, people typically only post the best moments of
their lives- parties, vacations, friends, family, etc. Others can feel
down about their lives after seeing post after post of people on
luxurious vacations or constantly surrounded by friends and feel like
they aren\'t doing enough with their lives or aren't as popular as
others, when this is simply not the case.
