**Name**: Nina Angella

**Date**: 4/13/25

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

At this point in the course, I have come to learn more about countries
that I already held various preconceived notions about. India seemed to
me as a very overpopulated country with lots of disorder and unkempt.
However, this week I got to learn about the other side of it, and how
the juxtapositions within the country make it valuable. India is known
for its chaos, but is also a place many travel to find peace and
discover something about their individual selves. It is also thought
that India is being rapidly modernized, but the adoption and alteration
into Indian culture of various western principles shows a unique way
that India is moving towards contemporaneity. This week made me think of
the role that control has over happiness. I have always needed to be in
control of everything and make specific decisions for myself about what
I eat, what I wear, and where I go in the day. Many communities in India
do not have the ability to make many of these decisions for themselves,
but many manage to find happiness regardless. I also have been thinking
about how the conditions you grow up in impact your values. Some
communities in India may have always grown up in the chaos and with a
lack of control, and know nothing different so they find no issue in it.
