**Name**: Rhodes Baker

**Date**: 4/13/2025

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

...

My definition of a good life has shifted over the last two weeks. I used
to think that it remained around the theme of happiness, but now I think
having strong relationships, good physical and mental health, and having
a good work and life balance are all huge factors. Reading the chapter
on India, the in-class presentation, and the Utopias and Communes
assignment all contributed to my understanding of the good life this
week. This chapter in the Geography of Bliss Weiner goes to India to
understand the country\'s views on happiness. He notices that even
though India has a lot of poverty and chaos, it is a country where
people still seem to be happy and have peace. I think a key theme in
this chapter is not worrying about materialism. For example, India has a
great connection with inner peace and spiritual practices such as yoga
and meditation instead of caring about money and material wealth for
finding happiness. Weiner also talks about how the streets and cities in
India are extremely chaotic and loud. But, he makes the point that the
Indians adapt and get used to it to where they go with the flow. Weiner
makes the point that this can "contribute to resilience and
contentment," which can lead to happiness and an aspect of a good life.
Next, the in-class presentation helped with my understanding of the good
life because the presenters asked our tables questions to talk about for
a few minutes. Getting to hear my tablemate\'s answers always makes my
mind think about new perspectives. These questions were related to the
theme of happiness in India and how they experience it. I think after
reading this chapter and hearing this presentation I learned that there
is a big shift between the United States views on happiness vs India\'s
views. Lastly, the Utopias and Communes assignment helped with my
understanding because I got to think about what rules I would want if I
had control over my society. Getting to think about what I would want vs
what some countries have/do not have was interesting. I think it is
important for people to have access to basic needs and resources and I
would like to see sustainability goals that can help our environment in
the United States.
