**Name**: Emma Freyermuth

**Date**:

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

This week we looked into India and analyzed how many contradictions play
a role in their happiness and success in a peaceful mind. Most times we
believe that we are one thing or another. We assume we can\'t be both
calm and chaotic. Or both love and hate something at the same time.
Weiner shows that it is actually possible to experience 2 opposite
feelings at the same time. India is described as a place that people
both love and hate at the same exact time. It is also described as a
place of chaos but calm at the same exact time. These contradictions,
among many others, make India so unique and also plays a role in their
spirituality and overall culture. Spirituality is very important in
India and plays a traditional role in their culture as many citizens
take part in meditation or other spiritual practices. Weiner experiences
a meditation service where he is asked to also give up 3 sacrifices.
This is a very popular practice in India and despite early skepticism,
Weiner actually believes he sees genuine happiness in the people
practicing. Meditation is a very common cultural practice in India but
it is also practiced in many other cultures. I have never practiced
meditation but I think that there are definitley many positive benefits
to it and I think that trying it even for just a little could maybe
boost my happiness and peace. I think that even if it is not traditional
"meditation" that they practice, even settling myself and clearing my
mind for 30 minutes could be very beneficial to achieving peace.
Especially in college, with some much going on in our day to day lives,
I struggle to find time to just clear my mind because the second I take
a rest then I feel like I should be doing something else potentially
more productive. After seeing that it may actually make a difference, I
want to be intentional about trying it a few times and even seeing if it
just brings temporary relief and peace for just a little bit. Even if it
is as simple as trying to shut everything off and just close my eyes for
a little while, I think this could have a huge impact on a peaceful mind
and calmness. Later in the week, we focus on Utopias and what makes for
successful communities. This really made me think and reflect on all of
the cultures and countries we have learned about this year. Trying to
figure out which had policies that worked and which had ones that did
not in order to configure some that would make for the best community.
It is hard to think about what would please everyone and make sure that
everyone would agree on it so it was kind of difficult to create these
regulations and limitations that not only kept everyone safe and orderly
but also were in the best interest of each individual and help them be
successful. This made me realize how difficult it is to create rules and
regulations that will best suit everyone involved. Even just thinking
about regulations on our campus, there are always some people who may
not agree with it but it is near impossible to make sure that everyone
agrees and supports every single one of them. This exercise made me
realize how important proper rules and regulations are in a country\'s
happiness but also how difficult it is to create them so that every
single person is satisfied.
