**Name**: Bridget Grennon

**Date**: April 10, 2025

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'*

*....*

This week's reading from *The Geography of Bliss* really shifted how I
think about the "Good Life." Eric Weiner's experience in India showed me
that happiness doesn't always come from having control, comfort, or
material things, ideas that are often emphasized in Western culture.
Instead, I've learned that happiness can come from accepting life's
messiness and learning to live with suffering rather than avoiding it.
That mindset, where happiness is tied to spiritual growth and self
awareness, really challenged me to rethink my own definitions. What
stood out most was how India embraces contradiction, poverty and joy,
noise and peace, and doesn't see suffering as something that ruins
happiness. I've learned that the Good Life can be about inner peace,
letting go of ego, and being part of a community. It made me realize
that I sometimes chase after external things for happiness, when maybe a
deeper, more lasting peace comes from within. Weiner's insights taught
me that personal growth, relationships, and accepting life as it is
might be more important than always striving to change or fix
everything. That's something I'll carry with me as I keep exploring what
the Good Life really means.
