**Name**: Mary Alice Hussey

**Date**: 04/13/2025

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

This week was super interesting to me and it was cool to dive a bit
deeper into the chapter because I was doing the Tour Guide presentation
for this week. I personally have thought about visiting India a few
times, one of my mom's best friends has a house in India and she has
invited us a few times but we've always been too busy. I've always been
interested in seeing that part of the world though, and not just because
I love Indian food. Also getting to read about ashrams was super
interesting because I have always been interested in going to one one
day. I also loved in this chapter how Weiner had the distinct comparison
between the Ashram and the Anti-Ashram. It was also like a pros and cons
list of the two different lifestyles. I think that realistically I would
be better suited in the Anti-Ashram mentality, because while I love yoga
and meditation I also believe in facing your problems and not running
from them. In life you can be faced with some problems that make you
want to ignore them or just do everything but face them and I don't
think you'll be truly happy if you do that. I think that in order to
have peace or satisfaction in your life you have to face your problems,
be unafraid of them and be able to ask for help in dealing with them.
