**Name**: Roman Joseph

**Date**:

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

...

Before learning about India in *The Geography of Bliss,* I was under the
impression that happiness was more or less associated with comfort,
success, and stability. However, Weiner's experience in India challenged
this assumption as he showed how it's possible for so many people to be
happy amidst chaos and poverty. He claims that they embrace this
confusion in their daily lives, and they derive their happiness from
close personal relationships and religious beliefs.

Despite being absent for the lecture in which we discussed Utopias and
Ashrams, I read the lecture slides and have managed to learn about this
aspect of Hinduism. Ashrams are founded upon principles like truth and
discipline, and they encourage you to strive for happiness through
concentration, as opposed to pleasure. Ashram is also known as profound
effort and demonstrates incredible self-discipline.

Studying utopian societies has also allowed me to explore a social
aspect of happiness. These societies are devised by individuals who are
unhappy with their current society. They imagine societies with equality
and harmony. This kind of thinking made me understand that happiness is
not solely individual and can be achieved through a community. Utopian s

Ultimately, this chapter has made me reconsider how I think about
happiness. It's not necessarily measured by pleasure, plain and
individual success. Rather, it's a matter of enduring your character and
values/principles amidst the chaos, similarly to how Indians do daily.
