**Name**: Diana Sandoval

**Date**: 4/12/25

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

In the India chapter, Weiner explores how chaos and spirituality coexist
in the pursuit of happiness. This belief that happiness can be found
amongst feelings of chaos and mayhem, and that these feelings should be
embraced instead of avoided has never crossed my mind. While I do
believe that happiness can be found through unpleasant feelings like
chaos or yearning, I feel that it's because you lack a sense of
happiness when you experience those feelings so you do everything in
your power to gain your happiness back. But the mindset of "letting go"
or "it is what it is" does resonate with me. I like how the path to
happiness isn't perfect, and that you must find a way to cultivate your
path towards it amongst the mess life can bring. I had never heard of
Ashrams prior to reading this chapter, but the concept and practice
seemed interesting to me, that there was a way for you to disconnect
from your day to day distractions to reconnect with your deeper values.
The Ashrams talked about in this chapter reminded me of the yoga treats
we have here in America, their focus on spirituality and meditation
overlapped in my mind. If I were to visit India, I would want to take an
Ashram class to see how I react to their breathing and meditation
techniques. One major difference that I noticed was how unlike all the
other countries Weiner has visited so far, happiness isn\'t tied to
wealth, order, or social systems but instead is based on embracing
chaos, contradiction, and from inner peace. India challenged my previous
assumptions on how happiness should be achieved and pushed me to
confront the idea that happiness doesn\'t always come from joy and
comfort, but that it can also come from contentment in the midst of
confusion.
