**Name**: Sienna White

**Date**: April 13, 2025

**Cohort**: (Francom, French, McMahan)

*In what follows, reflect on your learning and personal growth at this
point in our course. Consider this week's readings, multimedia sources,
presentations, discussions, activities, etc. To your best ability
attempt to integrate these experiences into our own developing
understanding of the 'Good Life'.*

This week Weiner traveled to India. India is a bustling country that is
home to over a billion people. One element that Weiner was quick to
point out is the extreme chaos that takes place in India. Practically
wherever you go in India's major cities there is noise, crowds, smells,
and overall chaos. At first after hearing this I thought how could
someone ever achieve maximum happiness while living immersed in all
this, but then I thought about my own life and being from outside of New
York City. New York City is quite literally known as "the city that
never sleeps." Being from outside of the city, my life is fast-paced, I
always have something to do or somewhere to be, and yet I do feel like I
am happy and content with my lifestyle.

Another element I thought about was how Indians will visit what\'s
called an ashram. He described how ashrams are part of Indian culture
and how people will visit these sacred sites since there, happiness is
seen less as pleasure and instead more as detachment from desire. When
thinking about this in my own life, I obviously have never been to a
real ashram, although I think it would be fascinating to attend and be
fully immersed in, every summer I go to my beach house on Long Island
and when I'm there life is way more simple and laid back than my life at
home. It feels like an escape from reality and all my daily
responsibilities during the winter time.
